Que - What is node js
Answer - node is not a lang
this is a server enviornment 
node js can connect with data base
code and syntax is very similar to js
bit not exactly same
node js free, open source
nodejs chromes V8 engine to execute the code


Que - Why do we use node js
so we can conn the same database woth web app mobile app
node is east to understand
node is super fast for api
with node and js one can become full stack developer


Que - history and more
release may 27,2009
written in c, c++ , js
Ryan Dahl develped the node js


Que - what is mongodb

it is a database where we can store data and fetch when needed

Que - mongodb vs sql

sql is structural data base (store data as per structure no extra no less data ) other eg - oracale 

and mongodb is not - data is stored in collection in form of objects 

Que - What is multer
Multer is a node. js middleware for handling multipart/form-data , which is primarily used for uploading files. It is written on top of busboy for maximum efficiency. NOTE: Multer will not process any form which is not multipart ( multipart/form-data ).

event loop- 


App.use - applies the specified middleware to the main app middleware stack. When attaching middleware to the main app stack, the order of attachment matters; if you attach middleware A before middleware B, middleware A will always execute first. You can specify a path for which a particular middleware is applicable. In the below example, “hello world” will always be logged before “happy holidays.”

App.all - on the other hand will attach to the app’s implicit router. app.all attaches a particular piece of middleware to all HTTP methods, and if attached in the main config file will globally apply the middleware to all requests made to your app. Like app.use, it is also possible to specify a path for which the middleware should be applied.
app.all also accepts a regex as its path parameter. app.use does not accept a regex, but will automatically match all routes that extend the base route.